chore(docs): update documentation for redis cluster (#2997)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/advanced/cluster.md

- Load Balancer with a public address
- Botpress license registered with a public address

> ## Enable Redis Sentinel

Reviewer: The example below is for a single node setup, isn't Sentinel for high availability & require an advanced setup?

```

Once the first node is started, use the same command to start Botpress on the other nodes.

## Enable Redis Cluster

> To configure Botpress to use a Redis cluster set the REDIS_URL environment variable as a json array of ports and hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Botpress can connect to multiple Redis server for better redundancy if one of the Redis server goes down. To enable this, you must set the `REDIS_URL` variable to a list of host/port combinations.

 The list must be provided as a JSON object, see the example below for the correct format. 
```

```bash
PRO_ENABLED=true
CLUSTER_ENABLED=true \
BPFS_STORAGE=database \
BP_LICENSE_KEY=<license_key> \
EXTERNAL_URL=<public_url> \
REDIS_URL=[{"host":"localhost","port":7004},{"host":"localhost","port":7001},{"host":"localhost","port":7002}]
DATABASE_URL=postgres://login:password@host:port/database \
./bp
```

## Advanced Redis Options

> You can further configure you Redis Sentinel/Cluster using the REDIS_OPTIONS envionment variable. Refer to de ioredis documentation : https://github.com/luin/ioredis/blob/master/API.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further configure your Redis Sentinel/Cluster using the `REDIS_OPTIONS` environment variable. Please consult the [ioredis documentation](https://github.com/luin/ioredis/blob/master/API.md) for the complete list of options. 
```

Example :

```bash

> REDIS_OPTIONS={"password":"admin123"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REDIS_OPTIONS={"password":"admin123", "connectTimeout": 20000}
```
